well howdy there internet people this
bow again so almost immediately after
that last video going up i got a
question sent to me and i'm gonna answer
it
do transgender people impact military
readiness and why is it so important for
them to serve anyway okay there are
roughly depending on the estimate one to
fifteen thousand transgender people
serving in the military this is a small
percentage this is a very small
percentage readiness itself is there's a
couple of components to a worldwide
appoint bility and unit cohesion those
are those are the two things that really
matter
anytime you want to know something about
the military go to RAND Corporation
they've done a study on whatever it is
you want to know they've done a study on
it and they did it right so you know
cohesion RAND Corporation looked at the
UK Australia Israel in Canada four
countries that allow transgender people
to serve have policies that can be
researched and share data what they
found out was that there was no
breakdown in you know cohesion not none
okay so that one's out move on from that
the next one is worldwide employability
and what this means is there are a lot
of conditions that can stop you from
being deployed you can't be broke and be
sent overseas it's that simple
so why insulin-dependent diabetic scam
joined the refrigeration required
doesn't exist downrange
so you don't you don't get to go
therefore you can't be in the military
okay
RAND Corporation did a study on this too
they determined - that in labor years
the loss of time for a transgender
person would be 0.0015 over a 20-year
career
I think this amounts to like three
months it's nothing it's nothing
a pregnancy takes it takes a soldier out
for nine months that that's not a
readiness issue that is not a readiness
issue there there weren't any
now there is one legitimate readiness
concern and it is a it only affects a
small percentage of this small
percentage we're talking about but there
is a hormone treatment that requires
refrigeration just like insulin
dependence if you have to be on this for
more than nine months there's a
readiness issue if you don't there's no
readiness issue and that's probably how
DoD should look at it they should look
at it in terms of readiness that's their
argument the reality is it is probably
more damaging to readiness to turn away
willing recruits when they're missing
the recruitment goals a lot
now the other part of that question why
is it so important for them to serve
anyway I can't answer for them I can't
can tell you why it would be important
to me though in 1948 the military
desegregated before desegregation in the
south while segregation was still going
strong in the south black soldiers were
welcomed into the most elite units in
the US Army with open arms then they had
to go home and couldn't drink from the
same water fountain but that slowly
changed in a large part to people saying
you know I served with a black guy there
all right in 1993 Don't Ask Don't Tell
came out this was basically what it said
was you could be in the military and be
gay but you couldn't tell anybody hey by
2004 states started allowing gays to get
married by 2011 you could serve in the
military openly if you were gay 2015
every state in the country they can get
married contrary to the image of the
conservative soldier the military has
always been on the cutting edge of
social acceptance if you want to get
your your demographic that is seen as an
out-group accepted by American society
service in the military is credible
because yeah there's the I served with
one of them you know they're there all
right and then there's also the fact
that nobody wants to talk bad about a
soldier in this country that's why it's
important it's why it would be important
to me I don't know why it's important to
them and I'm not gonna speak to it in
that that way
at the end of the day this ban it has
nothing to do with readiness nothing it
has to do with playing to the bass
playing to the political party that is
in power playing to their base that's
what it has to do with this small
percentage of soldiers has become a
political pawn and there's so many jokes
to make right there it is it's it's
upsetting that soldiers who have fought
are being discarded in this way by the
government it's not surprising but it's
upset I have heard that the California
National Guard has basically said too
bad I don't care about DoD's balancing
word we're gonna let them serve there's
a lot of things that can go wrong with
that I applaud the effort but that may
go real bad anyway at the end of the day
this has nothing to do with readiness it
has to do with bigotry but it's just a
thought y'all have a good night